muscles are usually something you
associate with French or Belgian cuisine
today Ben's gonna show us a great recipe
with a Thai twist as with a classic
Malmo neo we need a broth to cook our
mussels in and this time it's gonna be
tight style so we've got all these
fantastic ingredients that class can use
with Thai then we make it Spock with our
coconut milk and then we'll steam all
with mussels in there as well so we'll
start with our ginger lemongrass and
garlic now if you can just pee and
roughly chop bat and same with the
garlic and with the lemongrass or just
took that outer husk off then what's
left it she just chopped up nice and
small cool down there like so meanwhile
on this side I'm going to do the onion
and chilli you can of course but all
these ingredients into a blender and
actually make a paste or in fact use its
my place you can buy it for the
supermarket for just a splash of oil in
there to start out frying off I'm gonna
get our onions in to start with the
chili I quite like this dish with a bit
heat so I'm gonna keep the seeds in as
well it's higher your choice let me give
you a little hand with those lemon guys
like they'd be too much then thank you
so our lemongrass nicely finely chopped
nasty on that I love this better limbo
so they can go into there with all of
our ginger and garlic and we'll just
keep it all moving and while we put the
lid on there to help its steel
concentrate on our muscles now these are
not those ones Chapa SHhhh so some
people get a bit concerned by which ones
they can and can't eat unless it's very
very simple if there are any that are
broken it's not worth him he's probably
alive but for the sake of a broken bit
which might get shot of shell in there
just get rid of it they're really cheap
that's what we do so if you can just
pick through those some for instance
this one's really close satisfying the
chance that's alive it's just shut up
okay inflator on when we've cooked it
it's still closed
then we won't try and force it open
depending on what time of year you get
your muscles they will have lots of
beard or less so it tends to be a factor
of the seasons and just get stuck in
there I'll let the Mojo
not quite your beard so if you could
just finish up 62 those because the rest
of my pan is nearly ready ok we've fried
those off at which point we can add in
our coconut milk so holding the coconut
milk and that's just going to bubble
away in there and that's essentially
what's going to cook and steam all of
our muscles and becomes a great sauce to
kind of dip them in at the end a little
splash of fish sauce goes in there about
a tablespoon and a splash of soy sauce
and as you cook these all the juices
from the mussels leap into that sauce
you get a really kind of fishy Thai
flavor
excellent this comes from the shellfish
so while we let that come up to boil
then we can just prep some of our
ingredients for later that's a little
bit of fresh coriander and aline make
everybody fishy bits yep but if you can
just slice that in half squeeze it later
on so now you can see all of that
bubbling up there plenty of steam and
which point all our muscles nice and
clean can go into our pan right so give
it one stir just to coat all those in
flavors put the lid back on and allow it
to cook and Steve about three to four
minutes that's all the mussels need to
open up and then we can serve so there
we go that's all it takes a couple of
minutes open up those muscles you can
see how quickly they open up there's two
portions in here looks like an awful lot
but obviously you're losing the meat
you're not eating the shell don't wear
that too much the sauce at the moment
important is getting all those muscles
and then what's left in a pan if you can
squeeze our lime in - yeah and our fresh
coriander
the uniform give it a good stir and
that's essentially this final sort of
bit of fresh seasoning and then we can
put some of that ladle to stock which
got all that beautiful musk fishy juice
now over the top as well so there's
plenty to dunk in - it smells
ridiculously amazing ridiculously
amazing that's what we like that's what
we're aiming for and finish it with our
final bit of lemongrass so there we go
an awesome bowl full of mussels with an
inspired Thai flavor sorted its kind of
messy food but you just got to get stuff
here those are incredible it's the
balance of all the time favorite yeah
it's got the lime juice so it stores the
chili the lemongrass is fragrant it's
salty it's sweet it's spicy everything